displaced for a third time the alafara
family are fleeing gra as best they can
and with what little they have
left they moved us from Gaza and told us
to go to the south after the South they
told us to go to kanun after that we
came here to S and from s to deal and
then they brought us to Rafa they said
it's a safe place it wasn't safe we keep
moving from one place to another this
child was born during the war what is
his
fault the family members say they've
been told to go to kenun but they have
no food or water and are
worried this situation as it is we just
want a solution what do we want we want
a solution and we want to go back to our
cities to Gaza the roads leading out of
RA now look like this thousands of
families are being forced to flee once
again but as the Israeli bombardment
continues across the STP safety is hard
to find
anywhere we're tired our mental
well-being is tired it's been destroyed
there is no well-being even the young
ones have been destroyed my children
were not like this before the war no
education no food no drink nothing no
one sends us any money we have no Aid
where are we to
go once again those in the North Face
famine many have led to Central Gaza but
only one water station is working there
the reality is there is no safe place
for them to go hind Central Gaza
Palestine Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz